1. Write a blog about Document vs Window Objects.

Ans:

-> The Document and Window Objects are the most commonly used objects in Javascript. They are both global objects, which means that they are
  available to all scripts on a web page. The Document and Window objects are essential for working with Javascript. 

-> Document Object: Represents the web page that is loaded in the window. It has properties and methods that allow you to access and manipulate 
    the content of the page, such as it's title, body and Elements.

-> Window Object: Represents the browser window itself. It has properties and methods that allow you to interact with the window, such as it's size,
    position and history.

-> A document is an object inside the window object and we use a document object for manipulation inside the document. The first thing that gets 
   loaded into the browser is the window and the properties related to that window are stored in window object.

-> With the help of document objects, we can add dynamic content to our web page. The document object can be accessed with a window.document or just document.
  Syntax: document.property_name;

-> Most Commonly used document objects are:
  1. activeElement: Returns active elements in the document.
  2. body: Returns contents of the body element.
  3. domain: Returns domain name of the document server.
  4. doctype: Returns the doctype of the document.
  5. URL: Returns the complete URL of the document.
  6. Forms: Returns all the elements of the form.
  7. lastModified: Returns date and time of the current document that waslast modified.  

-> Most Commonly used document methods are: 
   Syntax: document.method_name;
   1. addEventListener(): Used to attach an event handler to specific element.
   2. createElement(): Used to create HTML Element.
   3. getElementById(): returns the object of given ID. 
   4. createEvent(): used to create a new event objects.
   5. createTextNode(): used to create a textnode.

-> The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage. 
   Whenever a window appears on the screen to display the contents of the document, the window object is created. 
   Syntax: window.property_name;

-> Most Commonly used window objects are:
 1. console: It returns a reference to the console object which provides access to the browser’s debugging console.
 2. History: It provides information on the URLs visited in the current window.
 3. Length: It represents the number of frames in the current window.
 4. fullScreen: This property indicates whether the window is displayed on full screen or not.
 5. Location: It contains the URL of the current window.
 6. innerHeight: It is used to get the height of the content area of the browser window.
 7. innerWidth: It is used to get the width of the content area of the browser window.
 8. Name: It contains the name of the referenced window.

-> Most Commonly used window methods are:
 1. alert(): It is used to display an alert box. It displays a specified message along with an OK button and is generally used to make 
      sure that the information comes through the user.
 2. close(): It is used for closing a certain window or tab of the browser which was previously opened.
 3. confirm(): It is used to display a modal dialog with an optional message and two buttons i.e. OK and Cancel. It returns true if the user 
      clicks “OK”, and false otherwise.